Terms and Conditions
Last updated: August 02, 2024
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.
Acknowledgment
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of Motivational Unicorn and the agreement that operates between You and Motivational Unicorn. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of Motivational Unicorn is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions and Discord’s Terms of Service . These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.
You represent that you are over the age of 13. Discord does not permit those under 13 to use the Service.
Your access to and use of Motivational Unicorn is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the bot and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach Discord’s Terms of Service. 
Upon termination, Your right to use Motivational Unicorn will cease immediately.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use Motivational Unicorn after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
•	By email: codewritelove@gmail.com
